Add sample instructions for multicluster (#35)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/operator-manual/lifecycle.md

> # Multitenancy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multitenancy with ck8s-cluster
```

> This document contains sample instructions on how to setup one service cluster together with multiple workload clusters. As stated, the instructions below are just samples, you need update them according to your situation and requirements. You will find more details on the commands executed in the cluster and apps repos. The sample instructions are shown for the exoscale cloud provider and the [exoscale cli](https://github.com/exoscale/cli/releases/tag/v1.21.0) is used to manage dns. If you are using any other cloud provider use their corresponding tool for managing dns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains sample instructions on how to setup one service cluster together with multiple workload clusters. As stated, the instructions below are just samples, you need update them according to your situation and requirements. You will find more details on the commands executed in the cluster and apps repos. The sample instructions are shown for the exoscale cloud provider and the [exoscale cli](https://github.com/exoscale/cli/releases/tag/v1.21.0) is used to manage DNS. If you are using any other cloud provider use their corresponding tool for managing DNS.
```

> The following repositores and commits have been tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following repositores and commits have been tested:
```

    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=${config_path}/mtt-1
    ./bin/ck8s init

    export CK8S_ENVIRONMENT_NAME=mtt-2
    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=${config_path}/mtt-2
    ./bin/ck8s init
    ```

2. Edit
  - `secrets.yaml` for all clusters
  - `sc-config.yaml` for the service cluster
  - `wc-config.yaml` for all workload clusters
  You should use the same value for `opsDomain` in all clusters.

3. Install applications

    ```
    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=${config_path}/mtt-0
    ./bin/ck8s apply sc

    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=${config_path}/mtt-1
    ./bin/ck8s apply wc

    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=${config_path}/mtt-2
    ./bin/ck8s apply wc
    ```

### Teardown

```bash
# Tear down infra and k8s
./dist/ck8s_linux_amd64 destroy --cluster sc --config-path ${config_path}/mtt-0 --kubernetes-cleanup=false
./dist/ck8s_linux_amd64 destroy --cluster wc --config-path ${config_path}/mtt-1 --kubernetes-cleanup=false
./dist/ck8s_linux_amd64 destroy --cluster wc --config-path ${config_path}/mtt-2 --kubernetes-cleanup=false

# Remove dns records
exo dns remove ${domain} *.ops.mtt-0
exo dns remove ${domain} *.mtt-0
exo dns remove ${domain} *.mtt-1
exo dns remove ${domain} *.mtt-2
```

## Notes

> - OIDC and kubelogin has not been tested..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OIDC and kubelogin were not tested.
```

> - Ingress of workload clusters has not been tested, but is expected to work without issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ingress of workload clusters were not tested, but are expected to work without issues.
```
